Docs for replace_requires and replace_tool_requires profile sections (#3495)
conan-io/docs: reference/config_files/profiles.rst

    [options]
    MyLib:shared=True

    [tool_requires]
    tool1/0.1@user/channel
    *: tool4/0.1@user/channel

>     [system_tools]

Reviewer: This has been renamed to ``platform_tool_requires``, this is why I suggest to do it both in the same PR

    ...

.. _reference_config_files_profiles_replace_requires:

[replace_requires]
++++++++++++++++++

.. include:: ../../common/experimental_warning.inc

This section allows the user to redefine requires of recipes. This can be useful when a package can be changed by a similar one like `zlib` and `zlibng`.
It is also useful to solve conflicts, or to replace some dependencies by system alternatives wrapped in another Conan package recipe.

> References listed under this section work as a **literal replacement of requires in recipes**, and is is done as the very first step before any other processing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
References listed under this section work as a **literal replacement of requires in recipes**, and is done as the very first step before any other processing
```

of recipe requirements, without processing them or checking for conflicts.

As an example, we could define `zlibng` as a replacement for the typical `zlib`:abbr:

.. code-block:: text
    :caption: *myprofile*

    [replace_requires]
    zlib/*: zlibng/*

> Using the ``*`` pattern for the ``zlibng`` reference means that ``zlib`` will be replaced will by the exact same version of ``zlibng``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the ``*`` pattern for the ``zlibng`` reference means that ``zlib`` will be replaced by the exact same version of ``zlibng``.
```

Other examples are:

.. code-block:: text
    :caption: *myprofile*

    [replace_requires]
    dep/*: dep/1.1               # To override dep/[>=1.0 <2] in recipes to a specific version dep/1.1)
    dep/*: dep/*@system          # To override a dep/1.3 in recipes to dep/1.3@system
    dep/*@*/*: dep/*@system/*    # To override "dep/1.3@comp/stable" in recipes to the same version with other user but same channel
    dep/1.1: dep/1.1@system      # To replace exact reference in recipes by the same one in the system
    dep/1.1@*: dep/1.1@*/stable  # To replace dep/[>=1.0 <2]@comp version range in recipes by 1.1 version in stable chanel

.. note:: **Best practices**

>    - Make rational use of this kind of section. This is is not a versioning mechanism and does not aim to replace actual requires in recipes.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this sounds better?
```suggestion
   - Please make rational use of this feature. It is not a versioning mechanism and is not intended to replace actual requires in recipes.
```

    user.myconf.build:ldflags=['--prefix prefix-value', '--flag1 value1', '--flag2 value2']
    ...

.. _reference_config_files_profiles_replace_requires:

[replace_requires]
++++++++++++++++++

> This section allows the user to redefine requires of recipes. This can be useful when a package can be changed by a similar one like `zlib` and `zlibng`.

Reviewer: Mark it as experimental

It is also usefult to solve conflicts, or to replace some dependencies by system alternatives wrapped in another Conan package recipe.

.. code-block:: text
    :caption: *myprofile*

    [replace_requires]

>     zlib/*: zlibng/*

Reviewer: I think these patterns need some elaboration, the second ``*`` in the replacement will replace the value obtained in the equivalent part of the pattern.

I'd add some examples, taken from the unittests, at least the most prototypicals, and put them here.

.. _reference_config_files_profiles_replace_tool_requires:

[replace_tool_requires]
+++++++++++++++++++++++

> Same usage as the `replace_requires` section but in this case for `tool_requires`.

Reviewer: Mark it as experimental
